Improve integration section in readme (#118)
neuralet/smart-social-distancing: README.md

# Smart Social Distancing

> - [Smart Social Distancing](#smart-social-distancing)

Reviewer: What about limiting this table to h1-h4 (not h5). The plugin allows doing that.

I think the table of contents should be relevant and not too long. For example, under Prerequisites, I don't think we need the subsections in this table.

The "Download a sample video" could go under Prerequisites or Installation I think (as optional)

Author: Done, I changed the level from h1-h6 to h1-h3.

Reviewer: Yeah, that looks much better I think

  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
      - [Hardware](#hardware)
      - [Software](#software)

>     - [Install](#install)

Reviewer: Maybe "Installation" is a better title?

Author: Done

# 2) Run Docker container:
docker run -it -p HOST_PORT:8000 -v "$PWD":/repo  -e TZ=`./timezone.sh` neuralet/smart-social-distancing:latest-x86_64_openvino
```
## Processor

### Optional Parameters

This is a list of optional parameters for the `docker run` commands.
They are included in the examples of the [Run the processor](#run-the-processor) section.

#### Logging in the system's timezone

By default all docker containers use **UTC** as timezone, passing the flag ``` -e TZ=`./timezone.sh` ``` will make the container run on your system's timezone.

You may hardcode a value rather than using the `timezone.sh` script, such as `US/Pacific`. Changing the processor's timezone allows to have better control of when the `reports` are generated and the hours to correlate to the place where the processor is running.

> Please note that the bash script may require permissions to execute `chmod +777 timezone.sh`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the bash script may require permissions to execute (run `chmod +x timezone.sh`)
```

> #### Persisting changes files

Reviewer: This title sounds wrong. Either "Persisting changed files" or "Persisting changes" (or something else)

BTW, there are a lot of references to this section which need to be updated

Author: Done

 
 - `PUT PROCESSOR_IP:PROCESSOR_PORT/stop-process-video`: Sends command `STOP_PROCESS_VIDEO` to core and returns the response. It stops processing the video at hand, returns the response `true` if it stopped or `false`, meaning it can not (e.g. no video is already being processed to stop!).

The complete list of endpoints, with a short description and the signature specification is documented (with swagger) in the url `PROCESSOR_IP:PROCESSOR_PORT/docs`.

 ***NOTE*** Most of the endpoints update the config file given in the Dockerfile. If you don't have this file mounted (see section [Persisting changes](#persisting-changes)), these changes will be inside your container and will be lost after stopping it.

### Interacting with the processors' generated information

#### Generated information
The generated information can be split into 3 categories:

>   - `Raw data`: This is the most basic information generated. It only includes the results of the detector, the classifier, the tracker and the post-processor steps configured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `Raw data`: This is the most basic level of information. It only includes the results of the detector, classifier, tracker, and any configured post-processor step.
```

>   - `Metrics data`: Only generated if you have enabled the metrics periodic task (see [section](#change-the-default-configuration)). Includes metrics related to occupancy, social-distancing, and facemask usage aggregated by hour and day.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `Metrics data`: **Only written if you have enabled the metrics periodic task** (see [section](#change-the-default-configuration)). These include metrics related to occupancy, social-distancing, and facemask usage; aggregated by hour and day.
```

>   - `Notifications`: Situations that require an immediate response (for example, the max occupancy was reached) and need to be notified ASAP. The currently supported notification channels are email and slack.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `Notifications`: Situations that require an immediate response (such as surpassing the maximum occupancy threshold for an area) and need to be notified ASAP. The currently supported notification channels are email and slack.
```

#### Accessing and storing the information

> All the information generated by the processor is stored (by default) inside the edge device for security reasons. However, the processor provides features to easily export or backup the data outside the device when is required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All of the information that is generated by the processor is stored (by default) inside the edge device for security reasons. However, the processor provides features to easily export or backup the data to another system if required.
```

##### Storing the raw data
The raw data storage is managed by the `SourceLogger` and `AreaLogger` steps. By default, only the `video_logger` and the `file_system_logger` are enabled. As both steps store the data inside the processor (by default the folder `/repo/data/processor/static/`), we strongly recommend mounting that folder to keep the data safe when the process is restarted ([Persisting changes](#persisting-changes)).
Moreover, we recommend keeping active these steps because the [frontend](https://beta.lanthorn.ai) and the metrics need them.

If you need to store (or process) the raw data in *real-time* outside the processor, you can activate the `web_hook_logger` and implement an endpoint that handles these events.
The `web_hook_logger` step is configured to send an event (a PUT request) using the following format:

```
{
            "version": ...,
            "timestamp": ...,
            "detected_objects": ...,
            "violating_objects": ...,
            "environment_score": ...,
            "detections": ...,
            "violations_indexes": ...
        }
```

> You only need to implement an endpoint that matches the previous signature; configure the URL in the config file and the integration will be done. We recommend this approach if you want to integrate "Smart social distancing" with another existing system with real-time data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You only need to implement an endpoint that matches the previous signature; configure its URL in the config file and the integration will be done. We recommend this approach if you want to integrate "Smart social distancing" with another existing system with real-time data.
```

> Another alternative is to activate the periodic task `s3_backup`. This task will back up inside the configured S3 bucket all the generated data (raw data and metrics) according to the time interval defined by the `BackupInterval` parameter. Before enabling this feature remember to configure AWS following the steps defined in the section [Configuring AWS credentials](#configuring-aws-credentials).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Another alternative is to activate the periodic task `s3_backup`. This task will back up all the generated data (raw data and metrics) inside the configured S3 bucket, according to the time interval defined by the `BackupInterval` parameter. Before enabling this feature remember to configure AWS following the steps defined in the section [Configuring AWS credentials](#configuring-aws-credentials).
```

##### Accessing the metrics data

> The aggregated metrics data is stored in a set of CSV files inside the device. We don't have implemented any mechanism to store these files outside the processor (the `web_hook_logger` only sends "raw data" events).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The data of aggregated metrics is stored in a set of CSV files inside the device. For now, we don't have implemented any mechanism to store these files outside the processor (the `web_hook_logger` only sends "raw data" events).
```

However, if you enable the `s3_backup` task, the previous day's metrics files will be backed up at AWS at the beginning of the day.

> You can easily analyze the metrics information in the dashboard exposed in the [frontend](https://beta.lanthorn.ai).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can easily visualize the metrics information in the dashboard exposed in the [frontend](https://beta.lanthorn.ai).
```

 
 - `PUT PROCESSOR_IP:PROCESSOR_PORT/stop-process-video`: Sends command `STOP_PROCESS_VIDEO` to core and returns the response. It stops processing the video at hand, returns the response `true` if it stopped or `false`, meaning it can not (e.g. no video is already being processed to stop!).

The complete list of endpoints, with a short description and the signature specification is documented (with swagger) in the url `PROCESSOR_IP:PROCESSOR_PORT/docs`.

 ***NOTE*** Most of the endpoints update the config file given in the Dockerfile. If you don't have this file mounted (see section [Persisting changes files](#persisting-changes-files)), these changes will be inside your container and will be lost after stopping it.

### Interacting with the processors' generated information

> #### Information generated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Generated information
```

> The information generated can be split into 3 categories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated information can be split into 3 categories:
```

Reviewer: Same below

The `web_hook_logger` step is configured to send an event (a PUT request) using the following format:

```
{
            "version": ...,
            "timestamp": ...,
            "detected_objects": ...,
            "violating_objects": ...,
            "environment_score": ...,
            "detections": ...,
            "violations_indexes": ...
        }
```

You only need to implement an endpoint that matches the previous signature; configure the URL in the config file and the integration will be done. We recommend this approach if you want to integrate "Smart social distancing" with another existing system with real-time data.

Another alternative is to activate the periodic task `s3_backup`. This task will back up inside the configured S3 bucket all the generated data (raw data and metrics) according to the time interval defined by the `BackupInterval` parameter. Before enabling this feature remember to configure AWS following the steps defined in the section [Configuring AWS credentials](#configuring-aws-credentials).

> ##### Accessing to the metrics data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Accessing the metrics data
```
